[DM-1294]: Added 3 announcements for device grid changes. (#241)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/announcements-10-18-0.md

The HOOK_SEARCH can be used by developers to extend the web integration of the search in a custom web application. As announced with [release 10.17](/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0), as of a future release, we will refactor the HOOK_SEARCH interface. If you use this interface in a custom-developed UI application, you must migrate to the new version. Details on how to use the new interface will be provided in the Web SDK documentation of the respective release.

##### Deprecation of device-grid model classes, column implementations and services

> As announced with [release 10.17](/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0) shared classes, components and services from the device-grid package are deprecated and new ones are created in the core data-grid component.

Reviewer: Maybe rather mention that common grid API components will be **moved** to `@c8y/ngx-components`, therefore the need for obsolete classes, components and services in `@c8y/ngx-components/device-grid` to be deprecated.

Author: Updated, you can take a look again.

> As announced with [release 10.17](/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0) shared classes, components and services defined in @c8y/ngx-components/device-grid are now moved to @c8y/ngx-components. Therefore the obsolete items are deprecated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As announced with [release 10.17](/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0) shared classes, components and services previously defined in @c8y/ngx-components/device-grid have been moved to @c8y/ngx-components. Therefore the obsolete items are deprecated.
```

> This change only affects you, if you or your development team use the Web SDK to extend Cumulocity IoT UI applications or to build your own web applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change only affects you, if you or your development team use the Web SDK to extend Cumulocity IoT UI applications or to build your own web applications. If you use the device-grid functionalities, check the deprecation documentation and alter your code accordingly. Refer to the deprecations in the [WebSDK resources documentation for the device-grid service](http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/ngx-components/injectables/DeviceGridService.html). Other deprecations for reference are also marked in this documentation.
```
